Updated bug report template (#861)
spacemeshos/smapp: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

### Logs

Attach `app-logs.txt` and `spacemesh-log.txt`

> <!-- Find them out in %AppData%/Spacemesh on Windows directory and in /Users/<YOUR USER>/Library/Application Support/Spacemesh on Mac -->

Reviewer: Probably, if we add OS-specific details, we can write all possible paths:
```suggestion
<!-- Find them out in the directory: %AppData%/Spacemesh on Windows, ~/Library/Application Support/Spacemesh on Mac or one of these on Linux: $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/Spacemesh or ~/.config/Spacemesh -->
```
